Little Little Layla rode on Blackie.  It wasn't because she was tired.  She loved to walk and run through the forest.  But Blackie always seemed so happy when she rode his back.

She felt Blackie's thick bear fur and his big thick body under her and thought about how much he had grown.  Together they crossed two streams and ate three forest meals before they finally got to Annie's house.  

When they got there, Annie took Little Little Layla straight in to see Chris.  Chris was laying down in a bed with his hair rumpled.  He didn't open his eyes when they came in, but Little Little Layla saw that his cheeks were flushed.

"He's been like this ever since he fell.  He was climbing that huge pine tree behind our house and a branch broke," whispered Annie.  

"His bones seem fine.  Does his head hurt?" asked Little Little Layla.  

"Yes.  He keeps talking about it.  I think it makes it hard for him to sleep right."

"Chris?  Can you hear me?" said Little Little Layla in a soft voice.

Chris moaned and nodded his head softly.  "Layla?"

"Yeah, it's me, Chris.  I'm going to get you some things and make you a drink."

Little Little Layla's mother had gotten better and better at gardening and working with herbs as she had gotten older.  She had given Little Little Layla a pouch full of all kinds of different leaves and berries.  And she had taught her when to use which ones.  This time Little Little Layla just wanted Chris to be able to heal more easily, so she wanted to relax him and reduce the inflammation in the different parts that were hurt, especially his head.  Part of that would come from just taking care of him and being kind to him.  But the leaves would help too.  And maybe if he could do something that would relax him.

So Little Little Layla got him a drink ready.  And as she did so she talked to him about this and that, telling stories of some of the animals she had met and of some of their friends back home.  She saw Chris relax and start to smile and so she went happily along.
