Little Little Layla spent the next two days preparing for Chris and Annie to come.  She made them each a cosy spot to sleep.  She arranged books for them to read and look at.  

Finally, she was ready and asked, "Mom, how soon until Chris and Annie come over?"

"They won't be here for twelve more days, sweet heart!" said her mother.

Twelve more days!  How could she wait that long!  Little Little Layla tried for a whole day to live her normal life and then she gave up and asked, "Mom, can I make them some treats?"

"Of course!  You can even use some of the flour.  And I can help you."

Little Little Layla gathered nuts, berries and honey.  She worked and worked to make fruit leather.  Then she made twenty cute little pecan tarts.  Then she made some peach pies.  Working with her mother made the time pass quickly. 

And then, one day, they came! It was an afternoon and Little Little Layla was going out to get some plants from the herb garden when she heard the clop of horse hooves and the sound of a carriage.  She rushed over to be the first to meet them and give everyone hugs and invited them in. 

As they all talked, Little Little Layla looked happily at them.  Annie and Chris both looked so happy and so healthy!  Because of this, it surprised her later when Annie pulled her aside to tell her something.

"I'm worried about Chris!" she said.

"Why!  He looks so healthy to me!" she said.

"Yes, well, he's healthy!  It's not that.  I mean, I think he's all better from the fall.  But this drawing thing you started . . . it's just crazy.  He just keeps drawing and drawing all the time.  After he cuts the wood, he draws.  Before he goes to sleep, he draws.  When he's milking the cows, I think he's drawing in his mind.  He's just . . . "

"But that's great!" said Little Little Layla.  "Do you think that he drew my leaf collection?"

Annie gave her an annoyed look.  "Yes.  That's what I mean!  He drew your leaf collection.  Then he drew all the leaves again.  Then he drew each leaf five more times, changing the lighting and the angles each time.  He tried drawing them at different sizes.  He experimented with different colors."

"Wow.  I'd like to see the drawings!" said Little Little Layla.

"Layla, don't you hear me?  I think he's going crazy!  No one draws that much."

"Is he happy?"

"Yes.  Happier than ever."

"Is he still doing his chores?"

"Yes. He works faster than ever.  But I think he just works quickly so that he can get back to drawing."

"And is he still taking time for the people he loves?"

"He does still take time for fun with us."

"Then what's wrong?" asked Little Little Layla.

"It's just not normal!" said Annie.  Then she gave Little Little Layla a funny look and said, "But why am I telling you, miss girl-who-rides-a-bear?  You don't know what normal is!"

"I think what Chris is doing is great," said Little Little Layla.  And I want to to see the pictures.

"Well, Chris brought them, so I think that you'll see them soon enough," said Annie.


