When the sunshine stays longer in the springtime, the land fills with life.  Leaves and flowers begin to grow, birds come to nest, and babies are born.  Snow and ice melt, and rivers flow fast.

Little Little Layla's mother thought carefully about her little daughter as she grew.  In her head, she compared Layla to the spring sun.  Plants grew.  People grew too.  The peach and apple trees in their yard were now the tallest and healthiest that anyone had seen.  Their fruit was not the biggest.  But it was the tastiest.  The peaches were the peachiest.  The apples were the most apply.  Little Little Layla's mother wasn't sure, but she was starting to feel like it was all related somehow to Little Little Layla.

When Little Little Layla was two years old, her mother tried an experiment.  Mr. Love was struggling with one of his classes.  

"These boys and girls just aren't learning their Greek!" he said.  "I've been working with them for four months now, and if I asked them to write 'I love Greek,' not a single one would be able to do it."

"Are they having trouble concentrating and paying attention?" asked Little Little Layla's mother."

"Oh, yes!  Their eyes wander every time I ask them to study."

"Try bringing Little Little Layla with you to school!" said Layla's mother.

"You think I should bring a little girl to help them concentrate?" he asked.  "Don't you think they would all just want to play with her?"

"Well, yes, they probably would," she said.  "But I think that Little Little Layla helps me do a better job at everything that I do.  She might help the children as well."

The next day, Little Little Layla's father brought her to work.  

"It's Little Little Layla!" some of the children yelled as he came into the building.  All the children wanted to play with her, and he let them.  But then it was time for school to start.

"I'm glad to see that you love my little daughter.  Each person who can correctly write "I love Greek" can take some time to play with her.

Little Little Layla's father began trying many new ways of teaching his students.  They began to find Greek more fun and interesting and their learning got faster and faster.

Miss Love's experiment had worked.
