Little Little Layla soon saw that Chris did indeed draw a lot.  After helping cleanup after lunch, Chris took out a paper and started drawing.  Later, while they all talked together, Chris was drawing.

"How many pictures have you finished today Chris?" asked Little Little Layla.

"None," said Chris.

"None?" asked Little Little Layla, "Annie told me that you have been drawing a lot.  What did you do in the carriage while you rode here?"  

"I drew," answered Chris.

"The whole way here?" asked Little Little Layla.

"Pretty much," answered Chris.

"What did you do before you got into the carriage?"

"I was mostly drawing," said Chris.

"But you haven't finished a single drawing today?" asked Little Little Layla.

"Well, I've been working on a drawing, but I haven't finished it."

"Do you mind if I look at it?" asked Little Little Layla.

"No.  Come look," said Chris.

Little Little Layla came to look.  As Little Little Layla got closer to the page, she became more and more surprised.  This drawing wasn't like the drawings that she had seen Chris make before.  It was still pencil, but it was rich and deep.  There were different shades and beautiful lines.  And there was a girl.  Little Little Layla could see the lines of the girls hair.  She could see that the girl was probably smiling.  But Chris hadn't finished the face yet.

"Who is that girl?" asked Little Little Layla.

"That's Rosie."

"Who is Rosie?" asked Little Little Layla.

"Rosie is his imaginary friend," said Annie.

Little Little Layla looked at Chris to see if that embarrassed him and said, "I used to have imaginary friends, too.  There was Sarah, and Matilda, and Ben.  Ben was strong and nice and the three of us used to all ride on his back when we were playing.

"What happened to them?" asked Chris.

Little Little Layla looked at him.  "I don't know.  We just stopped playing together as often."

"That's too bad," said Chris.  "It's always sad to lose a friend."

Suddenly, Little Little Layla was a little bit sad.  She wanted to talk about something else.

"So Annie told me that you drew some of the leaves that I gave you.  Can I take a look?"

"Sure!" said Chris.  "I'll go get them."  And Chris ran to the carriage.

When he was gone, Annie turned to Little Little Layla.  "Do you see what I mean?" she asked.

"That drawing is amazing!" said Little Little Layla.  "Chris is an amazing drawer."

"You mean artist?" asked Annie.

"Yes.  He's an amazing artist.  I'm interested to see what Rosie looks like.  I bet she looks like you!" said Little Little Layla.

"Or you!" said Annie.

And then Chris was back.


