"Chris, that is a lot of paper that you're bringing me," said Little Little Layla.

"Well, I drew a lot of leaves!" answered Chris.  "Let me start by showing you some of my drawings of your mint leaves."

"Oh dear," said Annie, but Chris ignored her.

Then he pulled out a page that looked like a little forest.  It had perhaps hundreds of leaves of different sizes at different angles.  Little Little Layla looked more closely and noticed a little spot on one side of a leaf.  Then she saw that the same spot was on all the different leaves.

"Chris, are all of these drawings of the same leaf?"  

"Yes.  I was trying to get a good drawing of it.  I haven't quite figured it out yet."

"But the drawings are all good.  All of them!" said Little Little Layla.

Chris shook his head no.  "None of them are right.  Some of them get closer, but none of them are right.  I'm not sure yet what they are missing."

"How did you get the bumpy feel on these ones over here?" asked Little Little Layla.

"It's partly color.  But the pencil actually pushes the paper into new shapes when I draw.  I try to use that to make the leaves more real."

The whole time that Chris and Little Little Layla were talking, Annie stood there looking bored.  Finally she spoke.

"We'd better hurry up here," she said.  "There are probably fifty pages of drawings and you guys are still looking at the first one!"

Little Little Layla could tell that Annie would never let her look at all Chris's huge collection of pictures.

"Annie, have you seen Blackie yet?" she asked.

"No!  I've missed him.  Where is he?"

"He's wandering about in the forest somewhere.  But he should come soon.  I usually take a ride on him about this time of day to give him some exercise."

"Oh!" said Annie.  "Could I take him today?  I haven't had enough time with him this trip."

"That sounds like a great idea!" said Little Little Layla.  "Let's make sure that's alright with him and if it is, you can take him."

Soon after that, Annie was out riding with Blackie while Chris was showing Little Little Layla leaf after leaf after leaf.  The art work was great to look at.  But Little Little Layla started to have trouble paying attention.  She kept being distracted by one question.

"Chris, what is Rosie like?"
